### The Human Life Rights are the cornerstone of market economy

The rights and beliefs stated in the Declaration of Human Life Rights are the basic needs for the existence of human individuals. The Human Life Rights can generate enormous economic value, solve a large number of employment problems, promote the development of technology and talent, and benefit humanity. Demand is the cornerstone of a market economy, and the demand for the Human Life Rights will become a reliable and sustainable important cornerstone for the flourishing development of contemporary free market economies.

### Basic income of the Human Life Rights for all

Every active and stagnant person has the right to the most basic Human Life Rights income without the need for labor, which is used to ensure the existence of individual life. This income needs to be no less than the minimum income that satisfies the existence of human life. This form of basic income for the Human Life Rights can be diverse, such as providing a piece of fertile land for active individuals to cultivate in order to solve their existing problems, or providing certain currency, materials, or services for their existence. At any time, the basic income of the Human Life Rights can be obtained without any prerequisite.

### Where does the Basic income of the Human Life Rights for all come from

When the Basic income of the Human Life Rights for all becomes a basic hard demand for public trust, this income can be directly generated, which is different from taxation in generating income. This income can be automatically generated based on a fair and scientific universal rights procedure, can be based on the distribution of natural or non natural public property, or can be directly generated by adding new amounts.